you
mr. wickham wondrous yesterday as guy
Williams now Lincoln sickest crowd for
five years closed on nine and a half
thousand turned up at sinful man Vince
this wonder the last time the Fox Hall
conference league would be flying at the
ground they knew a victor would be
enough to regain the Football League
place Lincoln lost at the end of last
season visitors we can wander as a near
the bottom of the mead and they were
soon looking second best as lincoln
eagerly went in search of goals
it took Lincoln 26 minutes to gather
all-important first goal David Clarke's
in swingin corner was back headed into
the net by substitute mark so Torey his
very first touch of the ball by halftime
Lincoln fans were getting ready to
celebrate and even news that rivals
Barnard were also winning didn't dampen
their enthusiasm Lincoln's second go
created by Paul cases persistence and
scored by Phil Brown set the seal on a
famous victory but the final whistle
you'd have for that Lincoln had won the
Cup never mind
regain lead status
and this is the dream come true we set
the goal office at the end of the season
where to get up and go with their
disappointment and marvelous objective
fantastic other words those celebrations
continued in the dressing room it's been
a it's been a mint a single season of
non-league football for Lincoln they've
erected a new stand one but their pride
and made their loyal fans very happy